Update ADR002 with variant types (#1922)
informalsystems/apalache: docs/src/adr/002adr-types.md

of the constant type. For examples, see [Section 2.4](#useTypeAlias).

<a id="rows"></a>
<a id="ts12"></a>
### 1.3. Type System 1.2, including precise records, variants, and rows

**Feature under test.** By default, Snowcat is using Type System 1. To enable

> Type System 1.2, pass the following argument to `typecheck` or another command,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Type System 1.2, pass `--features=rows` to `typecheck` or another command,
```

without having algebraic datatypes in TLA+. It also reminds the user that one
better tests the field `type` carefully.

> In retrospect, we have found that almost every user of Apalache made a typo in
> their record types (including the Apalache developers!). Hence, we are
> migrating to Type System 1.2.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In retrospect, we have found that almost every user of Apalache made typos in
their record types (including the Apalache developers!). Hence, we are
migrating to Type System 1.2.
```

The use of the dummy operator is a convention followed to simplify reasoning
about where type aliases belong, and to ensure all aliases are located in one
place. The prefix such as the module name protects against name clashes when

> the  module is extended or instantiated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the module is extended or instantiated.
```
